tc.research_name.GADOMANCY.ESSENTIA_COMPRESSOR=Essentia Condenser
tc.research_text.GADOMANCY.ESSENTIA_COMPRESSOR=<No idea>
gadomancy.research_page.ESSENTIA_COMPRESSOR.1=§oFOOLS!! §rExcluding a very experienced thaumaturge, such as yourself, from the yearly thaumaturgy meeting just because another inexperienced mage played around with your latest invention, the Essentia Reservior, and "accidentally" lost his arm. As if that's an actual reason to exclude somebody from this important gathering. It wasn't even your fault. Dealing with higher magic is dangerous - even the biggest fool should be able to understand that. However. Then you got more time to get back to your studies on void metal... the deep darkness... hiding right in front of everyones eyes.
gadomancy.research_page.ESSENTIA_COMPRESSOR.2=Void metal has already shown its advantages when it comes to repairing itself or taking on different shapes depending on the circumstances. Along with that it showed great potential in its material density. Even while it's soft and easy to shape like gold, it's especially heavy and gets drawn towards other void metal ingots like magnets.<BR>Thinking about this, one idea has come your mind. What if you place down a single void seed and arrange void metal around it? You'll have to test it to see some results...
gadomancy.research_page.ESSENTIA_COMPRESSOR.4=Astonishing! As soon as you dropped some void metal next to the void seed they were drawn towards the void seed, accelerating as they came closer. The ingots changed their shape a bit to reach closer to the seed. Despite the struggle you had separating ingots and seed again, you feel this is not enough. You add some catalysts and essentia to it and try it again.<LINE>The result was beyond your imagination. A single piece of... something. It is incredibly heavy and draws everything close to it towards it. You shall call it '§oElement of Darkness§r'.
gadomancy.research_page.ESSENTIA_COMPRESSOR.5=Even standing next to your latest discovery has proven to be quite the problem. As its name implies it draws all the light around it towards the center of it, leaving you in nearly complete darkness if you approach it. And leaves some of those nasty black spots on your skin, you can't seem to be able to get rid of...<BR>But what if you could use this to your advantage? The gravity generated by an element of darkness seems to be strong enough to compress any substance that comes close to it - the closer it gets, the higher the compression.
gadomancy.research_page.ESSENTIA_COMPRESSOR.6=Considering your struggles to find a proper storage for essentia, this might be the solution. However, the element itself is by far too destructive. It would just consume any essentia that came too close to it - it would disappear deeper into it, through the layers of void metal and basically vanish.<LINE>You still have that aqua tuned aura core lying around somewhere. You once just dropped it into essentia and it fell straight down to the bottom of the jar, pushing all essentia aside on the way.
gadomancy.research_page.ESSENTIA_COMPRESSOR.7=You feel like this is it! An aura core tuned to aqua seems to be able to hold essentia at a certain distance from itself - you quickly concluded that combining it with the element of darkness would create the foundation of your future essentia storage. Having the combination of element and aura core floating around somewhere is far too dangerous... You came up with a simple design using some tubes, greatwood and a crystal cluster. That way it's save to handle until you place it down wherever you like.
gadomancy.research_page.ESSENTIA_COMPRESSOR.9=Unpacking the machine is also relatively easy. Just place the three blocks on top of each other and open it up with a wand and some vis.<BR>The slight pull and the lightnings are completely normal. The aura core clearly shows it's influence on the element of darkness, however it cannot stop it from pulling everything to it in a short radius. At least the element doesn't destroy your items anymore if they come close to it... touching the little black hole is not a good idea though.
gadomancy.research_page.ESSENTIA_COMPRESSOR.10=The aura core certainly weakened the element's power. While it will draw any essentia out of anything that contains essentia close to it, it will not drain essentia out of anything that has more essentia than itself.<BR>So, to make it draw essentia in the first place, you'd have to fill some essentia into it.. probably golems can help you with that. While you cannot connect to the Essentia Condenser with any tubes, the golems might be able to pull essentia straight from the middle block, where the element is.
gadomancy.research_page.ESSENTIA_COMPRESSOR.11=Also, thanks to the aqua tuned aura core, the element will withdraw any essentia that's requested from it with an infusion matrix or via essentia mirrors.<LINE>You have no idea what might happen if you break it though. It doesn't seem to be a good idea either since you cannot imagine what could happen if something that stabilized the element was suddenly removed... §4not a good idea at all...
